how to create the perfect tweet storm
have you ever heard of tweeze forms
before with twitter your tweets are
supposed to be short and to the point
with tweetstorms you're replying to your
own tweets and creating a string of
tweets to encompass one overarching
thought here's the example i created a
storm on tools you should use to help
you with your seo my first tweet was to
improve your google ranking you need to
first understand where you stand here's
the thread on my favorite tools that can
help
my second tweet was
use ubersuggest to check your site's
keyword rankings type in your domain and
you'll see a list of keywords that you
rank for organically
and then i went on to talk about how you
can use google page speed insights then
in the next week i talked about mx
toolbox domain health report tool to
check for major issues in five different
categories general site problems
blacklist
mail server web server and dns then i
tweeted about fe international's website
penalty indicator tool and you can use
that tool to check if you've been
penalized by one of the major algorithm
updates
lastly i talked about google search
console and how it can show you how
google sees your website to some extent
now with this tweetstorm in total it
contained six tweets it had 72
556 impressions
667 likes and 215 retweets i used
tweetstorms numerous times and here's
what i learned if you want to create
great street storms that go viral
number one you need to talk about a
topic that piques people's interests you
can use tools like ubersuggest to see
what's popular just type in a keyword or
a string of words into uber says to see
what's popular usually if something's
popular that means people want to learn
about it hence if you tweet about it
chances are people will want to like it
share it or talk about it assuming it's
good and if people want to learn about
something it will show up in uber says
as it breaks on what's popular based on
what people are looking for
and it's basing it off of google
searches
two your tweet storm needs to contain at
least five tweets i found that when you
have at least five to ten tweets it
tends to do well you can add more but
having two or three tweets together
really isn't a tweet storm
three include any stats and data points
anything that you can show or provide
that backs up your points that you're
trying to make just brings more
credibility plus people love retweeting
stats
four be sure and concise
if it takes you five lines to get your
point across something's wrong
each tweet in your tweet storm needs to
be impactful and be useful as a
standalone tweet so people can retweet
it and like it
if you follow those four steps your
tweets forms will do well now if you
need help with your twitter or even
social media marketing check out my ad
agency np digital if you have any
questions on tweetstorms leave a comment
below i'm here to help if you enjoyed
the video like it share it tell the
people about it thank you very much